projects/regression/README.md, before:

### Feel free to choose any dataset for your regression project. Here are some examples:  

| **Dataset** | Overview   |  
|:------|:-------|
| *[Nice Ride Minnesota 2017](https://www.kaggle.com/brendanhasz/nice-ride-mn-2017)* | This dataset contains Nice Ride MN's data from the 2017 year. This dataset also contains daily weather data for the 2017 year from NOAA. | 
| *[Used Cars Dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/austinreese/craigslist-carstrucks-data)* | This dataset contains many relevant information that Craigslist provides on car sales including price, condition, manufacturer, latitude/longitude, and 18 other categories.|
| *[Uber & Lyft Cab prices](https://www.kaggle.com/ravi72munde/uber-lyft-cab-prices)* | This directory has two files, cab prices and weather. The cab ride data covers various types of cabs for Uber & Lyft and their price for the given location. You can also find if there was any surge in the price during that time. Weather data contains weather attributes like temperature, rain, cloud, etc for all the locations taken into consideration. |

Commit message:

more data sources added for fare prediction

projects/regression/README.md, after:

### Feel free to choose any dataset for your regression project. Here are some examples:  

| **Dataset** | Overview   |  
|:------|:-------|
| *[Uber & Lyft Cab prices](https://www.kaggle.com/ravi72munde/uber-lyft-cab-prices)* | This directory has two files, cab prices and weather. The cab ride data covers various types of cabs for Uber & Lyft and their price for the given location. You can also find if there was any surge in the price during that time. Weather data contains weather attributes like temperature, rain, cloud, etc for all the locations taken into consideration. You can play with bigger data. Please check [New York City Taxi Fare Prediction](https://www.kaggle.com/c/new-york-city-taxi-fare-prediction/data) and [TLC Trip Record Data](https://www1.nyc.gov/site/tlc/about/tlc-trip-record-data.page)|
| *[Nice Ride Minnesota 2017](https://www.kaggle.com/brendanhasz/nice-ride-mn-2017)* | This dataset contains Nice Ride MN's data from the 2017 year. This dataset also contains daily weather data for the 2017 year from NOAA. | 
| *[Used Cars Dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/austinreese/craigslist-carstrucks-data)* | This dataset contains many relevant information that Craigslist provides on car sales including price, condition, manufacturer, latitude/longitude, and 18 other categories.|
